Grand Canyon is one of the seven natural
wonders of the world and one of the most
well known national parks in the United
States and what better way to journey
there than on the historic Grand Canyon
Railway the historic rail line crosses
miles of scenic terrain from the sleepy
town of Williams to Grand Canyon
National Park
at the turn of the 20th century roads
leading into the canyon were virtually
impassable horse-drawn coaches were
occasionally employed but it was
guaranteed to be a difficult and long
expedition the Grand Canyon Railway made
its first journey to the South Rim in
1901 long before Arizona was dubbed the
Grand Canyon State with the arrival of
the Train people could get to the
legendary Canyon with ease and comfort
people arrived and rapidly increasing
numbers and within a few years the Santa
Fe had an entire fleet of trains here
and the Grand Canyon Railway brought
interested travelers from all over the
world to stand on the rim and ponder the
feeling that touches all of humanity in
a similar manner when they gaze upon the
spectacle the Train was the lifeline to
Grand Canyon National Park in the early
20th century but the historic train
almost faded into history itself when
passenger service to Grand Canyon
National Park stopped in 1968 as train
travel gave way to the popularity of the
automobile
but like any legend it refused to die as
fate would have it Grand Canyon Railway
was reborn in 1989 when a couple of
entrepreneurs brought the Grand Canyon's
train back to life America's interest in
the delights of train travel was
reawakened
today you can travel to Grand Canyon
National Park along the same rail line
your parents or grandparents did the
countryside and scenery between Williams
and the Grand Canyon has changed very
little in the past century a journey to
Grand Canyon National Park aboard Grand
Canyon Railway is not only a trip to
America's most recognized spectacle but
a voyage back in time
swinging doors with a whiskey old sound
free bro as you sit back and relax
taking in the scenery rolling by you can
enjoy refreshments or be entertained by
live musicians will bestow a nostalgic
tune upon your ears
bluh
the travelers EB warned train robbers
and bandits ride in these hills looking
for easy prey just as they did in ages
past these hijackers have been known to
stop the train
looking to lighten the purses of many a
well-to-do railroad patron but rest
assured the local law enforcement is
always close behind
as the locomotive pulls into the Grand
Canyon Depot passengers are dropped off
right at the epicenter of the South Rim
it's only a short walk to the rim of the
canyon and endless opportunities and
destinations
stay inside the park at one of many
lodges including historic el tovar hotel
built in 1905 it's known for its rustic
charm and premier dining
these same charming log walls and rooms
hosted Theodore Roosevelt and Dwight the
Eisenhower
now that you're here you're free to
experience the fast
of the Grand Canyon stand on the edge
and witness the beauty of this
geological masterpiece
when the holidays approached the best
way to experience the magic of Christmas
is on the Polar Express where the Grand
Canyon Railway is transformed into the
classic children's book by Chris van
osburgh the Polar Express comes to life
when the train departs the williams
depot for a journey through the dark and
quiet wilderness for a special visit to
the North Pole enjoy hot chocolate and
cookies while listening to the magical
story as the train arrives at the North
Pole Santa Claus and his reindeer are
weeding watch the joy on the children's
faces when Santa boards the Polar
Express to spread Christmas cheer and
hands each child their own special gift
the Polar Express is a holiday tradition
that children will remember for years to
come at any time of year the historic
Grand Canyon Railway is a delight to
young and old alike choose the Grand
Canyon Railway and travel to the
magnificent
Grand Canyon in style
you